<span class="header-font">Announcing ZEPL Release </span>

We are pleased to announce the availability of ZEPL new release.  <br/>
As <a href="https://zeppelin.apache.org/" target="_blank">Apache Zeppelin</a> becomes the standard open source interface to visualize and extract insight from all data sets, more and more analytics notebooks are being created every day. 
ZEPL is the ideal platform to dynamically share these notebooks across organizations and collaborate with other data engineers and line of business users. <br/>
We've put significant effort into improving ZEPL since the last release, focusing on having new features, improvements on stability.

We would like to thank you all for your continued patronage of ZEPL. 
We encourage everyone to try using ZEPL new release. <br/>
Any feedbacks through [support@zepl.com](mailto:support@zepl.com) are always welcome, so please do not hesitate to send us emails.

<br/>

# Public Release 3
<span class="note-font">Released on 15 July 2016</span>

<span class="releaseNote-font">Features</span>

<span class="submenu-font">Composer</span><br/>
There are many improvements for **Composer** in this release. First of all, you can share the composed notebook in the space. 
Also, you can leave some comments in the composed notebook as well.
The most notable improvement is, new text editor(**WYSIWIG**: What You See Is What You Get) was applied. 
You can add some report description not in Zeppelin notebook but in ZEPL directly.

<span class="submenu-font">Notification</span><br/>
So far, it might be little bit inconvenient to find where the alarm was generated by yourself. You don't need to find them manually anymore.
You can directly go to the right place via notification link.

<span class="submenu-font">Url anchor for paragraphs & comments</span><br/>
You can see an anchor icon at the top of each paragraphs in shared notebooks and each comments.
Copy the link by clicking this icon and share them!

<br/>

# Public Release 2
<span class="note-font">Released on 16 May 2016</span>

<span class="releaseNote-font">Features</span>

<span class="submenu-font">New Material Design</span><br/>
Usability and user experience are always at the forefront of our minds. 
We want to make sure sharing and collaborating with your notebooks is uber easy. 

<span class="submenu-font">Mobile & tablet device support</span><br/>
This is a mobile world and we believe even enterprise applications should be mobile friendly. 
Now, ZEPL fully supports all mobile and tablet devices.

<span class="submenu-font">Notification</span><br/>
There is now a notification feature that notifies you on actions such as being added/deleted from spaces, comments made directly to you by others, and so on.

<br/>

# Public Release 1
<span class="note-font">Released on 1 April 2016</span>

<span class="releaseNote-font">Features</span>

<span class="submenu-font">Publish notebooks through ZEPL Viewer</span><br/>
You can make your notebooks public or private mode and publish them publicly through <a href="https://www.zepl.com/explore" target="_blank">ZEPL Viewer</a> option.
Please see [Explore Public Notebook section](exploring_notebooks.md) for the details.

<span class="submenu-font">Feedbacks on each paragraph</span><br/>
Leave comments on each reports and share your thoughts with other people. 
For the more details, please see [this section](sharing_notebooks.md#inviting-people-to-the-space).

<span class="submenu-font">Ability to run & execute notebooks remotely</span><br/>
You can run and execute your notebooks in ZEPL from any connected device. <br/>
<span class="note-font">** NOTE :** This feature is only available for **Business** service plan users.</span>

<span class="submenu-font">Composer</span><br/>
You can compose many paragraphs located in other notebooks using **Composer** feature. <br/>
Build new notebooks and use it like a dashboard.<br/>
<span class="note-font">** NOTE :** This feature is only available for **Business** service plan users.</span>

<br/>

# Beta Release
<span class="note-font">Released on 12 Oct 2015</span>

<span class="releaseNote-font">Features</span>

<span class="submenu-font">Connect & Save Apache Zeppelin notebooks</span><br/>
You can connect your Apache Zeppelin instances as many as you want. 
For the details, please read [Integration with Apache Zeppelin](zeppelin_integration.md).

<span class="submenu-font">Share & Copy notebooks privately</span><br/>
You can share your Apache Zeppelin notebooks with other people through **Space**. 
More details are in [Sharing Notebooks](sharing_notebooks.md) and [Copying Notebooks](copying_notebooks.md) section.
